So congratulations, you have made it to the end of this lesson.
I know this was a long lesson.
In this lesson, we have learned about DICOM format,
about the NIFTI format,
we learned how the files are stored,
we learned about some of the data elements that define the metadata of those files,
we have talked about analyzing 3D imaging datasets,
we looked at the Jupyter Notebook,
and we talked about some of the useful and important techniques for this analysis.
Something that you need to keep in mind as you
keep working with the medical imaging dataset,
to remember that voxels can be non cube-like.
So you need to be looking at the shapes and sizes and dimensions of your voxels.
You need to keep in mind the photometrics.
You need to understand what the value ranges are,
and you need to make sure that they map correctly to the greyscale color space.
We looked at some techniques that help you
understand the outliers in your medical imaging datasets.
If you want to look further,
if you want to explore this topic further,
later in this concept,
we will post links to some great resources which will
show you how people approach analyzing 3D medical imaging datasets.
In the next lesson,
we will start looking at applying some of
the machine learning techniques to this medical imaging datasets.